Added example how to use ollama hosted models (#536)
Future-House/paper-qa: README.md

)
```

> Also there is the possibility to use ollama hosted models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models hosted with `ollama` are also supported.
```

> Tun run example below make sure you have downloaded llama3.2 and mxbai-embed-large via ollama.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example below make sure you have downloaded llama3.2 and mxbai-embed-large via ollama.
```
